P3732R1 (numeric ranges algorithms) (#35)
rarutyun/iso_cpp_papers: parallel_algorithms/P3732/numeric_ranges_algorithms.md

`ranges::transform_{in,ex}clusive_scan` as well as `ranges::{in,ex}clusive_scan`, and do not provide projections for any of
them.

### `reduce_into` and `transform_reduce_into`

> We propose new algorithms `reduce_into` and `transform_reduce_into`.

Author: TODO: Make it clear that this includes both the unary and the binary versions.

Author: This is in PR #36.

These work like `reduce` and `transform_reduce`,
except that instead of returning the reduction result by value,
they write it to the first element of an output range.

The `reduce_into` algorithm has
[precedent in the Thrust library](https://nvidia.github.io/cccl/thrust/api_docs/algorithms/reductions.html).
Its performance advantange is that the algorithm can write its result
directly to special memory associated with parallel execution,
such as accelerator memory or a NUMA (Non-Uniform Memory Access) domain
where the algorithm's threads run.

> #### Output should be a single iterator

Author: Advantage of a sized output range is that it can have a hardened precondition.

It doesn't need random access.  It only needs to be a forward range for the parallel algorithms.

Author: Added discussion of this in PR #36.

P3179 (parallel ranges algorithms) always specifies output ranges
as sized ranges, instead of as a single iterator.
However, in the case of `*reduce_into`,

> the output range always has exactly one element.

Author: ```suggestion
the output range always needs to have exactly one element.

```

Author: Fixed in PR #36.

Thus, there would be no safety improvement in requiring a sized range.
Users would end up needing to go through a possibly error-prone
syntax ritual to turn their one output iterator into a sized range.
The use cases below illustrate this.

```c++
std::vector<float> input_range{3.0f, 5.0f, 7.0f};
float out_value{};
unique_ptr<float[], my_deleter> out{my_alloc(sizeof(float)), deleter};

// Input sized range, output iterator
ranges::reduce_into(input_range, /* ... */ &out_value);
ranges::reduce_into(input_range, /* ... */ out.get());
assert(out_value == out[0]);

// Input sized range, output sized range (size 1)
ranges::reduce_into(input_range, /* ... */ span<float, 1>{out_value});
ranges::reduce_into(input_range, /* ... */ span<float, 1>{out.get()});
assert(out_value == out[0]);
```

#### Output iterator could be single pass

The output range needs to be copyable for parallelization reasons,
so its iterator can't be merely an `output_iterator`.
However, it could be a single-pass range,

> because the algorithm only needs to write one element at most once.

Author: Explained in PR #36.
